units, wtf: add pt_BR translation (#4908)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/units.md

> Provide the conversion between two units of measure.

> > Typing 'search {{text}}' in the prompt will display a list of all of the units containing {{text}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Typing `search {{text}}` in the prompt will display a list of all of the units containing `{{text}}`.
```
